authorize paulo salvador and see the ball was the game begins the 31st round of the
2006 capacity and flemish
I'm Flemish trading passes and now for the first time she dominates the ball.
try to play Basque team
in his testimony for the second time pressing the government to fight against
child pornography
I'm not only for you.
another charge of the foul the paulo césar oliveira already authorized left with the ball
the left leg report hit
external savings
the newcastle
the game in the match against the paraná was well gave the three times champion
ney franco liked
Flemish ship kick off
It was born for you to use
the ball will run there along the bottom line and ended up being cut by the line
side by diego
the clues that this year
to prevent kicks on goal
The charge was very far.
born with little left leg
corner kick
there was a strong spoke price headed for the middle of the street
April and Fernando tries to take the bike away
bike all over
the beiteinu method
the player and author the arsenal of the league brasilia the band team recycle here
head and the ball went through the bottom line the visitor with a style of a defender
of a meter we try to fight goes showing that he has talent quality
in spite of marking further on what happens in the disarmament
and a technical quality happens that the police
the newcomer to the Flemish team was composed of explaining the newsprint
in the last times
to the top of the Basque in the maracana
In this ocasion
gopsinho lopes
for the Flemish to 0 with the Basque
the Flemish in front of the squad
all the qualities of Flemish the stolen ball of paulinho
the touch of the ball of ricardo gomes improper handling of April in the lighthouse
of goal of obina has progressed meters with the right leg he hit second
place
eye shot the silver ball
Renan
in the hands of the Brazilian
the Flemish pressed from here because it is a difficult ball job said
sometimes behind
For some time
was declared one of the great stars of Brazilian football
nine priests of the Flemish will have little time to beat
but the one that most contributed to the delay
in the face of so many other initiatives that serve to pay
throughout the show
leandro amaral
however this handball among the players the Flemish is working
Evidence coming by Diego hit crusader
green village passed
on the videos and threw the ball into the goal
seemed gabriel public good 'helping the marking recovering with the team of
Flemish and then was disarmed by Diego
by the way
iturbe was necessary in the cut
stayed on the floor
It was good for the pediatrician to hit the ball
it was very strong
with time he own goal
at the end of April so it has no contrary meaning
The fibria is already at home.
in the opposite direction the ball hits the son
in the attempt of the engineer
she passed right
direct by victory had a goal
look like timbu at the front with renato silva hit pro
dangerous g1 ball
this initiative has already been for replacement besides bruno knowing the goal
but not everything goes for goalkeeper
the gabriela team's attempt decided at high speed the flamengo team
do you have twitter
out of it later
protection of the vulture with brazilian fable
is the case of the referendum tie the match
Coutinho got off the mark doctor others through the middle plus a nail
two of author of the play toco enjoy the arrival in the crossed kick
squid passed
to keep thinking
ef
41 minutes into the first half or
in the maracana
see the Basque fan doing the party here in the maracanã after a beautiful
played 2 on
cs lewis
tiago almeida tutor can wash in precise
I'm going to ask to hit the cross to make it all the same in Maracanã.
with the tie the Basque club that I go to
even injured
if the ball does not go ahead the campaign has the ball
came for the second time to get that ball in the middle field made a move
impressive the ball has game begins the second stage of the Basque classic and
flamengo 31st round of brasileirão
The last Sunday, the ball is played by the Flemish team.
arrives well
arrives by the left and finished paper I do not know if the moment beats
the Flemish do you know in the maracanã in the Basque the two away games
for both the Flemish team received in the area by the cross
the cavaliers arrive
the middle of the area
to send the ball through the line
who attended igor rogov and made a bid
Diego who happened in the club by the bottom line
elvas trying the goal of the turn in the half time already so authorized andrade
left for the ball but misses silly with the right
I hit a dangerous ball
It's just goal shots.
predict football club brasileirão 2006
played with the physical van
but made beautiful in class play of boleto compra vendia arrived in
Basque speed of the range for the test is tuned batuque
the flamenco classic
very fast came from the pitch and not from the hand
passing by paulo
on a ball progress up here by reading
I do not shoot reason
Basque team